[DEV-980] Adds external rewards redemption documentation (#5)
KudosInc/slate: source/includes/_definitions.md

| ---------- | ----------- | -------- | ---- |
|kind| An enumeration of the type of user named. Your choices include: email, group_name |Yes|enum|
|value| This could be an email, or the name of a group, department or location |Yes|string|

## Points

<a id="schemapoints"></a>

```json
100

```

### Properties

| Attributes | Description | Required | Type |
| ---------- | ----------- | -------- | ---- |
|points| User points balance  |Yes|integer|

## Lookup User Object
<a id="lookup_user_object"></a>

```json
{
  "id": 1,
  "email": "user@example.com",
  "pointsBalance": 200,
  "employeeNumber": "123"
}

```

### Properties

|Attribute|Description|Type|
|---|---|---|---|---|

> |id|User's Id|integer|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|id|User ID|integer|
```

> |email|User's Email Address|string|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|email|Email Address|string|
```

|pointsBalance|Points Balance|[Points](#schemapoints)|
|employeeNumber|Employee Number|string|

<h2 id="tocScreateredemption">Create Redemption</h2>

<a id="schemacreateredemption"></a>

```json
{
  "userId": 0,
  "senderId": 0,
  "rewardId": "string",
  "name": "string",
  "description": "string",
  "kudosPoints": 0,
  "currencyCode": "USD",
  "amountInCents": 0,
  "transactionId": "string",
  "orderId": "string",
  "notes": "string"
}

```

### Properties

| Attribute | Description | Required | Type |
|---|---|---|---|

> |userId|User's id, can be fetched from [user lookup](#opIdlookUpUser)|true|integer|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|userId|Redeeming user ID, can be fetched from [user lookup](#opIdlookUpUser)|true|integer|
```

> |senderId|Sender's id, can be fetched from [user lookup](#opIdlookUpUser) |true|integer|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|senderId|Request sender (redemption creator) user ID can be fetched from [user lookup](#opIdlookUpUser) |true|integer|
```

> |rewardId|A unique per user rewards id|true|string|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|rewardId|Reward ID|true|string|
```

> |name|Reward's Name|true|string|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|name|Reward name|true|string|
```

> |description|Reward's Description|false|string|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|description|Reward description|false|string|
```

> |kudosPoints|Points to deduct for the user when redeeming this reward|true|integer|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|kudosPoints|Number of points to deduct from the redeeming user|true|integer|
```

> |currencyCode|The currency code, should be something like USD, CAD, GBP|false|string|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|currencyCode|The currency code. Defaults to 'USD'|false|string|
```

> |amountInCents|The amount of the reward in cents|true|integer|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|amountInCents|The reward's monetary value in cents|true|integer|
```

> |transactionId|A unique transaction ID|true|string|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|transactionId|The unique transaction ID|true|string|
```

> |orderId|A Unique Order id|true|string|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|orderId|The unique order ID|true|string|
```

> |notes|Notes related to the redemption|false|string|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|notes|Additional redemption notes|false|string|
```

<h2 id="tocSredemptionshistory">Redemptions History</h2>

<a id="schemaredemptionshistory"></a>

```json
{
  "page": 0,
  "totalCount": 0,
  "data": [
    {
      "id": 0,
      "cancellationDate": "2019-10-28",
      "createdBy": 0,
      "rewardId": "string",
      "name": "string",
      "description": "string",
      "kudosPoints": 0,
      "currencyCode": "string",
      "amountInCents": 0,
      "transactionId": "string",

>       "userId": "string",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "userId": 0,
```

      "orderId": "string",
      "notes": "string",
      "createdAt": "2019-10-28",
      "updatedAt": "2019-10-28"
    }
  ]
}

```

### Properties

| Attribute | Description | Required | Type |
|---|---|---|---|
|page|The current page number|true|integer|none|

> |totalCount|The total count of redemptions|true|integer|none|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|totalCount|The total number of redemptions|true|integer|none|
```

|data|List of redemptions|true|[Redemptions](#schemaredemptions)|none|

<h2 id="tocSredemptions">Redemptions</h2>

<a id="schemaredemptions"></a>

```json
[
  {
    "id": 0,
    "cancellationDate": "2019-10-28",
    "createdBy": 0,
    "rewardId": "string",
    "name": "string",
    "description": "string",
    "kudosPoints": 0,
    "currencyCode": "string",
    "amountInCents": 0,
    "transactionId": "string",

>     "userId": "string",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "userId": 0,
```

    "orderId": "string",
    "notes": "string",
    "createdAt": "2019-10-28",
    "updatedAt": "2019-10-28"
  }
]

```

### Properties

| Attribute | Description | Required | Type |
|---|---|---|---|
|*anonymous*|Redemption|false|[[Redemption](#schemaredemption)]|

<h2 id="tocSredemption">Redemption</h2>

<a id="schemaredemption"></a>

```json
{
  "id": 0,
  "cancellationDate": "2019-10-28",
  "createdBy": 0,
  "rewardId": "string",
  "name": "string",
  "description": "string",
  "kudosPoints": 0,
  "currencyCode": "string",
  "amountInCents": 0,
  "transactionId": "string",

>   "userId": "string",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "userId": 0,
```

  "orderId": "string",
  "notes": "string",
  "createdAt": "2019-10-28",
  "updatedAt": "2019-10-28"
}

```

### Properties

| Attribute | Description | Required | Type |
|---|---|---|---|---|
|id||true|integer|

> |cancellationDate|Date this redemption was cancelled|false|string(date)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|cancellationDate|Redemption cancellation date|false|string(date)|
```

> |createdBy|The user's id who created this redemption|true|integer|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|createdBy|Redemption creator user ID|true|integer|
```

> |rewardId|Reward Id|true|string|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|rewardId|Reward ID|true|string|
```

> |name|Reward's Name|true|string|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|name|Reward name|true|string|
```

> |description|Reward's Description|true|string|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|description|Reward description|true|string|
```

> |kudosPoints|User's points deducted due to this redemption|true|integer|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|kudosPoints|Number of points deducted from redeeming user|true|integer|
```

> |currencyCode|Currency code of the amount|true|string|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|currencyCode|The currency code. Defaults to 'USD'|true|string|
```

> |amountInCents|Amount in cents|true|integer|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|amountInCents|The reward's monetary value in cents|true|integer|
```

> |transactionId|Unique Transaction id|true|string|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|transactionId|The unique transaction ID|true|string|
```

> |userId|The user's id|true|string|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|userId|User ID|true|string|
```

> |orderId|Order id|true|string|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|orderId|The unique order ID|true|string|
```

> |notes|Notes|false|string|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|notes|Additional redemption notes|false|string|
```

> |createdAt|Date this redemption was created|true|string(date)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|createdAt|Creation date|true|string(date)|
```

> |updatedAt|Date this redemption was updated|true|string(date)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|updatedAt|Last updated date|true|string(date)|
```
